[IMP] accounting/l10n_cl: electronic purchase invoice (#7893)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/chile.rst

automatically. Considering this as best practice, all the claimed documents should be canceled as
they won't be valid for your accounting records.

Electronic purchase invoice
---------------------------

The *electronic purchase invoice* is a feature included in the `l10n_cl_edi` module.

Once all configurations have been made for :ref:`electronic invoices <chile/electronic-invoice>`
(e.g., uploading a valid company certificate, setting up master data, etc.), the electronic
purchase invoice need their own :abbr:`CAFs (Folio Authorization Code)`. Please refer to the
:ref:`CAF documentation <chile/caf-documentation>` to check the details on how to acquire the
:abbr:`CAFs (Folio Authorization Code)` for electronic purchase invoices.

Electronic purchase invoices are useful when vendors are not obligated to expedite an electronic
vendor bill for your purchase. Still, your obligations require a document to be sent to the
:abbr:`SII (Servicio de Impuestos Internos)` as proof of purchase.

Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To create a purchase journal, navigate to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration -->

Reviewer: Make sure to respect the 100 character limit per line and otherwise this looks great :)

Journals`. Then, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and fill in the following required information:

- :guilabel:`Type`: select :guilabel:`Purchase` from the drop-down menu for vendor bill journals.
- :guilabel:`Use Documents`: check this field for the journal to be able to generate electronic
  documents (in this case the electronic purchase invoice).

Generate an electronic purchase invoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To generate this type of document, it is necessary to create a vendor bill in Odoo. To do so,
navigate to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Vendors --> Bills`, and click the :guilabel:`New` button.

> When all of the electronic purchase invoice information is filled, select the option :guilabel:`(46)

Reviewer: I suggest mentioning that this field is found in the Cross Reference Documents tab. Also, in the runbot that I looked at, the field is called `SII Doc Type Selector`, not just `Document Type`

Reviewer: Ah, my mistake. Thanks :)

Once all configurations have been made for :ref:`electronic invoices <chile/electronic-invoice>` 
(e.g., uploading a valid company certificate, setting up master data, etc.), the electronic 
purchase invoice need their own :abbr:`CAFs (Folio Authorization Code)`. Please refer to the 
:ref:`CAF documentation <chile/caf-documentation>` to check the details on how to acquire the 
:abbr:`CAFs (Folio Authorization Code)` for electronic purchase invoices.

Electronic purchase invoices are useful when vendors are not obligated to expedite an electronic 
vendor bill for your purchase. Still, your obligations require a document to be sent to the SII 
as proof of purchase.

Configurations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To create a purchase journal, navigate to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Journals`. 
Then, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and fill in the following required information:

- :guilabel:`Type`: select :guilabel:`Purchase` from the drop-down menu for vendor bill journals.
- :guilabel:`Use Documents`: check this field for the journal to be able to generate electronic 
documents (in this case the electronic purchase invoice).

> Generate an Electronic Purchase Invoice
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate an electronic purchase invoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

```

> To generate this type of document, it is necessary to create a vendor bill in Odoo, navigate to 
> :menuselection:`Accounting --> Vendors --> Bills`, and click the :guilabel:`New` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To generate this type of document, it is necessary to create a vendor bill in Odoo. To do so,
navigate to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Vendors --> Bills`, and click the :guilabel:`New` button.
```

> When all of the electronic purchase invoice information is filled, select the option *(46) Electronic 
> Purchase Invoice* in the :guilabel:`Document Type` field:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When all of the electronic purchase invoice information is filled, select the option :guilabel:`(46)
Electronic Purchase Invoice` in the :guilabel:`Document Type` field:
```

> .. image:: chile/cl-type46-selection.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Selecting document type 46 in a vendor bill

Reviewer 2: I dont think that this image is needed since the instructions are descriptive enough :)
```suggestion
```

   
After the vendor bill is posted:

> - The DTE file (Electronic Tax Document) is created automatically and added to the chatter.
> - The DTE SII Status is set as Pending to be sent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The :abbr:`DTE (Documentos Tributarios Electrónicos)` file (Electronic Tax Document) is
  automatically created and added to the chatter.
- The :guilabel:`DTE SII Status` is set as :guilabel:`Pending to be sent`.
```

> The DTE Status is automatically updated by Odoo with a scheduled action that runs every day at night. 
> To get a response from the SII immediately, press the :guilabel:`Send now to SII` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *DTE Status* is automatically updated by Odoo with a scheduled action that runs every day at
night. To get a response from the :abbr:`SII (Servicio de Impuestos Internos)` immediately, press
the :guilabel:`Send now to SII` button.
```

purchase invoices need their own :abbr:`CAFs (Folio Authorization Code)`. Please refer to the
:ref:`CAF documentation <chile/caf-documentation>` to check the details on how to acquire the
:abbr:`CAFs (Folio Authorization Code)` for electronic purchase invoices.

Electronic purchase invoices are useful when vendors are not obligated to expedite an electronic
vendor bill for your purchase. Still, your obligations require a document to be sent to the
:abbr:`SII (Servicio de Impuestos Internos)` as proof of purchase.

Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To generate an electronic purchase invoice from a vendor bill, the bill must be created in a
purchase journal with the *Use Documents* feature enabled. It is possible to modify an existing
purchase journal or create a new one in the following process.

To modify the existing purchase journal, or create a new purchase journal, navigate to
:menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Journals`. Then, click the :guilabel:`New` button,
and fill in the following required information:

- :guilabel:`Type`: select :guilabel:`Purchase` from the drop-down menu for vendor bill journals.

> - :guilabel:`Use Documents`: check this field for the journal to be able to generate electronic

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Use Documents`: check this field so the journal can generate electronic
```
Suggestion to make it easier to read

  documents (in this case the electronic purchase invoice).

Generate an electronic purchase invoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To generate this type of document, it is necessary to create a vendor bill in Odoo. To do so,
navigate to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Vendors --> Bills`, and click the :guilabel:`New` button.

When all of the electronic purchase invoice information is filled, select the option :guilabel:`(46)
Electronic Purchase Invoice` in the :guilabel:`Document Type` field:

After the vendor bill is posted:

- The :abbr:`DTE (Documentos Tributarios Electrónicos)` file (Electronic Tax Document) is
  automatically created and added to the chatter.
- The :guilabel:`DTE SII Status` is set as :guilabel:`Pending to be sent`.

> The *DTE Status* is automatically updated by Odoo with a scheduled action that runs every night. To
> get a response from the :abbr:`SII (Servicio de Impuestos Internos)` immediately, click the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Odoo automatically updates the DTE Status every night using a scheduled action. To
get a response from the :abbr:`SII (Servicio de Impuestos Internos)` immediately, click the
```
Suggestion to make it easier to read.
